Version 51: ??, 1997
X Windows: window manager close-frame request is ignored
 when a modal dialog is in control
Added security so that wx:snip% methods cannot be overridden 
 to crash MrEd

Version 50: August 26, 1997
Changed wx:dc%'s get-size method to return size of
 destination area; old [documented] functionality
 is available via max-x and max-y
Made button-click state visible for Xt on b&w displays
Fixed and normalized PostScript drawing
Removed wx:dc% methods: device-to-logical-x, etc.
Windows wx:display-size changed to return the size of the
 screen not including the task bar
Windows: finally fixed scale for [non-PostScript] printing
Added wx:[un]register-collecting-blit
X Windows: Fixed use of colormap by loaded bitmap images
Added an optional argument to wx:media-buffer's print method
 to supporting fitting to the destination page
X Windows: Saving as xbm works for bitmaps of any depth
MzScheme pathname expansion performed by all wx: toolbox
 procedures that take a pathname
X Windows Xt: removed excessive borders on wx:canvas% objects
X Windows Xt: removed 2 pixel offset for a single auto-sized
 child in a wx:frame% or wx:dialog-box%
Windows: Fixed scrollbars on editor buffers; they're always
 shown now, but the editor never gets confused about the size
Fixed on-size, pre-on-char, and pre-on-event for wx:item% 
 subclasses
Fixed confusing argument type and number error messages
 for overloaded methods of primitive classes

Version 49: May 31, 1997
Object system changes: see mzscheme/HISTORY for details
Fixed Mac event-handling and many other Mac things
Fixed garbage collection of hidden frames under Windows (!)
Panels, canvases, and controls that are both hidden and
  inaccessible are now garbage-collected
Disabled controls are reliably grayed-out, including items 
  within a disabled panel 
Instances of wx:pen%, wx:brush%, or wx:pen% that are
  selected into a drawing context cannot be mutated
Immutability of objects obtained via wx:the-XXX-list is
  enforced
Controls for Windows, Xt are created with the "System" family
  rather than the "Default" family (using resources)
Single wx:bitmap% object can be used by multiple controls
  and/or pens and/or brushes
Fixed Motif image-label radio button
wx:find-directory replaced with wx:find-path
All wx:dc% instances have a default font for drawing
wx:const-copy blit never uses the pen/background color;
  new blit mode wx:const-colour uses current pen
X Windows: removed mapping of Mod3 to Alt (too confusing on
  keyboards where NumLock is Mod3)
Fixed wx:timer% bug that caused autosaving to not work
Fixed eventspace bugs
Fixed .bmp reading when smaller-than-max colormap is provided
Fixed interlaced .gif reading for Windows and MacOS
Xt: fixed default height of wx:text% items
Xt: In a wx:mouse-event% instance, type wx:const-type-XXX-down
  implies get-XXX-down => #t (formerly #f)
Removed wx:group-box% class; use a panel with a border, instead
Removed wx:tool-bar% class
wx:choice% get-columns and set-columns no longer supported
Added wx:gauge% methods: get-value and get-range
wx:media-pasteboard% bug fixes and improvements: raise, lower, 
  set-before, and set-after methods now work
wx:list-box% set-client-data and get-client-data work with
  any Scheme data type
Windows and X Windows: Break key changed back to shift-ctl-c 
  instead of ctl-c (to avoid conflicts with Emacs-std keyboard
  mappings)

Version 48: Skipped to avoid confusion with Scheme48

Version 47: January 11, 1997
WARNING: multiple inhertance is going away in 48
Added overwrite-styles? arg to wx:media-buffer%'s read-from-file,
  and added get-/set-load-overwrites-styles methods
Modified wx:media-buffer%'s set-caret-owner to provide more
  levels of focus control
Controls with bitmap labels work correctly, fixed crashing bugs,
  some Mac controls do not display yet
wx:bitmap%'s load-file only allowed when the bitmap is not selected
  into a wx:memory-dc% object or used by a control

Version 46: December 5, 1996
Fixed misc. Motif control-sizing problems
Mac & Xt: "&" stripped from control labels correctly
wx:yield takes an optional semaphore argument

Version 45: November 12, 1996
IMPORTANT: let-values is now analogous to let; the old 
  let-values is now let*-values
Added thread-savy parameterization system; namespace system changed
Added eventspaces
wx:server%, wx:client%, and wx:connection% are no longer supported
  (Better TCP support is now built into MzScheme)
wx:the-snip-class-list was replaced by (wx:get-the-snip-class-list)
wx:the-buffer-data-class-list was replaced by (wx:get-the-buffer-data-class-list)
Added transparent text backing for editor text
Added wx:dc% try-colour method
wx:window% capture-mode, release-mouse, and make-modal no longer supported
  Modal dialogs can be used instead of make-modal (modal is
  specified through the constructor). There is currently no
  replacement for capture-mouse and release-mouse, but a replacement is
  likely to be in 46.
Xt and Mac: "&" stripped from control labels (matches Windows/Motif), sortof

Version 44: September 9, 1996
wx:play-sound added
Saving bitmaps fixed on all platforms; editor can now save 
  "inlined" images instead of only references to images
Hyper-text browser handles HTML files (w/o networking)
Fixed Mac control drawing and hiding
Fixed Xt menus (finally!)
Fixed menu item auto-check for popup menus
Fixed Motif canvas click event reporting (spurious drags)
See also mzscheme/HISTORY, wxme/README, and system/HISTORY
Upgraded to gc 11alpha3

Version 43: Re-released August 12, 1996
Under GNU LGPL license

Version 43: August 9, 1996
Major system overhaul (Robby Findler); see system/HISTORY
Windows stability greatly advanced
Windows and MacOS versions much more "Windows-like" and "Mac-like"
  with standard menu shortcuts and better icons
MacOS and Windows use native print facilities
GIF images supported under Windows
wx:window set-client-size removed
wx:panel%'s get-cursor renamed to get-item-cursor; added set-item-cursor
Fixed cut-n-paste newlines under MacOS and Windows
Xt: panel with one item no longer auto-sizes the child
See also mzscheme/HISTORY

Version 42: June 8, 1996
Documentation translated to Scheme notation, corrected
Windows update bug fixed for embedded buffers
MacOS memory use greatly improved
Fixed annoying non-standard Windows beep
Non-matching cond or case expression raises and error
mred:platform and mred:window-system changed to wx:...
standard system uses functors (see MzScheme)
wx:canvas%::int-draw-line and wx:int-point% removed
wx:list%, wx:hash-table%, wx:string-list%, wx:path-list removed
wx:media-stream-in%::get removed for strings; use get-string
Redundant wx: functions removed:
  wx:dir-exists?  (use directory-exists?)
  wx:file-exists? (use file-exists?)
  wx:file-name-from-path (use file-name-from-path or split-path)
  wx:path-only (use path-only or split-path)
  wx:is-absolute-path? (use reletaive-path?)
  wx:expand-path (use expand-path)
  wx:get-working-directory (use current-directory)
  wx:set-working-directory (use current-directory)
  wx:mkdir (use make-directory)
  wx:remove-file (use delete-file)
  wx:rename-file (use rename-file)
  wx:get-user-home and wx:get-home-dir (use expand-path with "~")
  wx:execute and wx:shell (use system or process)
  wx:find-first-file and wx:find-next-file (use get-directory-list)
  wx:sleep (use sleep)
  wx:sub-type? (use subclass?)
  wx:to-lower (use char-upcase)
  wx:to-upper (use char-downcase)
  wx:is-wild? (use reg exps)
  wx:match-wild? (use reg exps)

Version 0.41: April 15, 1996
Important language changes; see mzscheme/HISTORY
Fixed bug in wxCanvas drawing methods
Fixed wxCanvasDC and wxMemoryDC bugs in Xt version
Pasteboards fixed
AIX: two consecutive SIGDANGERs => exit(-1)
wxGetMultipleChoice supported

Version 0.40: March 24, 1996
Possible improvements to memory system
Some redundant event methods removed
Finally fixed Windows NT/95 Scheme threads
Stdout/stderr messages to a window instead of file for Windows/Mac+
Fixed misc. Xt problems, including show-n-hide on frame

Version 0.39: March 6, 1996
Fixed safety from Scheme on invalidated C++ objects (stack objs, too)
Fixed many bugs in Xt version
Upgraded to gc version 4.10
Reduced memory usage of buffer objects

Version 0.38: February 22, 1996
Xt port released
Part of standard system moved to DrScheme
See also mzscheme HISTORY and wxmedia README

Version 0.37: Not released

Version 0.36: January 18, 1996
Fixed bug in MzScheme's bignum multiplication

Version 0.35: January 17, 1996
X selection protocol supported. To get the old clipboard-style
  mechanism, add this to your .mredrc:
     (wx:media-set-x-selection-mode #f)
 See also wxMediaEdit::SetPosition() in the wxMedia manual.

Version 0.34: December 30, 1995
Minor improvements to MzScheme and the standard system

Version 0.33: December 21, 1995
MzScheme language changes; see mzscheme/HISTORY
Old standard system no longer compatible
Project system improved
Many bugs fixed in the new standard system

Version 0.32: December 4, 1995
New standard system:
  * The console I/O is completely different. It works more
     like an Emacs shell. Use M-p and M-n to access previously
     entered expressions. (read) will now read from the console.
  * All mred:std-<x> variables have been eliminated. For each
     mred:<x>%, there is now a procedure mred:make-<x>% that takes a
     superclass and returns a new class.
  * The frame and buffer hierarchies have changed a little.
  * From a mred:edit% object, you can get to its canvas or frame.
  * The menubar/menu system is completely revised. You don't have to
     deal with menu ids much anymore. Menus and menu items can now be 
     dynamically added and removed.
  * Keymap chaining works differently.
  * The new Scheme project system is roughly in place. This will let you
     develop Scheme programs by organizing Scheme files within a project.
     Projects help manage loading program files into the
     evaluator and uses Shriram's Zodiac/Aries packages to
     provide debugging facilities. This will be improved in the near 
     future.
 The old standard system is available in the "oldsys" directory.
Pretty printer handles loops and graphs
Very limited support for wxYield under XView - will be extended
Fixed some wxMedia bugs (see wxme/README)
Fixed some MzScheme bugs (see mzscheme/HISTORY)

Version 0.31: November 14, 1995
Fixed some wxMedia bugs (see wxme/README)
Fixed some MzScheme bugs (see mzscheme/HISTORY)
Parameterization for Macintosh

Verion 0.30: October 25, 1995
Added call-with-values and regexp to MzScheme
Unix stack-checking setup code fixed in MzScheme
wxMediaPasteboard implemented more
Scheme-C++ object link changed; use ptr in all C++ objects
Added tutorial section to "User Manual"

Version 0.29: October 18, 1995
Editor can save text preserving automatic CR
Bug fix in automatic line-wrapping
New font system can access arbitrary fonts
Multiple displays in Motif: wx:set-display and wx:get-display-name
MzScheme fix for forms such as (let ([x (let ...)]) ...)

Version 0.28: October 3, 1995
MzScheme bug fix: stack-checking on Unix
wxMedia fix: Insert(unsigned char, ...) instead of Insert(char, ...)
 and proper use of `unsigned' in word-breaking array access

Version 0.27: September 29, 1995
Major MzScheme upgrade, including multiple inheritance
 (See MzScheme HISTORY for details)
Win32: Allow deeper recursion by copying the stack
Win32: Allow breaking with Shift-Ctl-C
New font configuration system

Version 0.26: September 8, 1995
Very minor changes
Bug fix to MzScheme for Win32s

Version 0.25: September 7, 1995
Upgraded to wxWindows 1.63
Minor bug fixes

Version 0.24: September 1, 1995
Minor bug fixes

Version 0.23: August 23, 1995
Minor bug fixes
Editor can display images (types depend on wxWindow compile flags)
MzScheme correction: expand & expand-once

Version 0.22: August 17, 1995
Mostly MzScheme improvements
File-format bug fixed related to portability; To make files created 
  earlier portable, open and re-save them.

Version 0.21: August 8, 1995
Bug fixes
triggers, hash tables, and case-lambda added to MzScheme
MzScheme "sleeps" properly
Connected MrEd to wxWindow's layout constraint system

Version 0.20: July 26, 1995
MzScheme Bug fixes

Version 0.19: July 25, 1995
All "!"s removed from method names!!!!!
Full continuations and bignums added to MzScheme
Bug Fixes

Version 0.18: July 20, 1995
Win32s kinda supported
Bug fixes
Added (compile ...) to MzScheme
Added internal processes & threads to MzScheme
wxSnipData -> wxBufferData
Old process and system changed to process* and system*

Version 0.17: July 11, 1995
Bug fixes, especially Motif and memory bugs
Rewrote editor line-maintenance
Faster caret updating
Upgraded garbage collector
File format changed to accomodate nested buffers with
  separate style lists
Standard system standardized
Code changes for compiling on MSWindows (almost works...)
Scheme mode

Version 0.16: June 16, 1995
Fixed define-struct bug

Version 0.15: June 15, 1995
Bug fixes, especially XView
make-input-port takes only 3 args; "unget" param dropped
on-local-char & on-local-event renamed to on-default-char 
  and on-default-event
name changes: to have "!" or not to have "!". See doc/names.diff
  for a list of changed names
fonts configuarble through .Xdefaults; see MrEd.ad

Version 0.14: June 9, 1995
Bug fixes, including wxWindows widget table clash
Scheme mode works
error-handler changed to parameterizing function

Version 0.13: June 5, 1995
MzScheme replaced libscheme
ctl-c breaks Scheme evaluation in MrEd
libscheme/ changed to mzscheme/ - change your make.env!

Version 0.12: June 1, 1995
Bug fixes
Revised object system: requires (inherit ...) declarations
(pretty-print ...) installed

Version 0.11: May 19, 1995
Bug Fixes

Version 0.10: May 19, 1995
Bug fixes
(match ...) installed

Version 0.9: May 18, 1995
wxMediaPasteboard

Version 0.8: May 11, 1995
Bug fixes

Version 0.7: May 10, 1995
mred:default-<x> changed to mred:<x> in system
README in demo directory
Lots of bug fixes
